Repurposing content of Cockpit tour (#1287)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/cockpit-bundle/dashboards.md

- [Application configuration](/guides/web/#application-configuration) in the *Web SDK guide* for further information on how to customize the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} environment.
{{< /c8y-admon-related >}}

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} allows you to create individualized dashboards for all your groups and devices. They provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, visualizing data, alarms, events and triggering remote actions, by using a set of widgets. Widgets can display maps, images, graphs, tables, and other graphic representations of data. Individual dashboards also give you the opportunity to shut off your devices remotely in case of anomalies or unwanted behavior.

Reviewer: They provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, visualizing data, alarms, events and triggering remote actions,

The second part does not really fit here: It is repetitive"customized visualization of your data, for example, visualizing data". And "triggering remote actions" is not an example for visualizing data.

Perhaps: "Dashboards provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, alarms and events, and allow you to trigger remote actions"

Author: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} allows you to create individualized dashboards for all your groups and devices. 
Dashboards provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, alarms and events, and allow you to trigger remote actions, by using a set of widgets. Widgets can display maps, images, graphs, tables, and other graphic representations of data.```

- [Application configuration](/guides/web/#application-configuration) in the *Web SDK guide* for further information on how to customize the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} environment.
{{< /c8y-admon-related >}}

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} allows you to create individualized dashboards for all your groups and devices. 

> Dashboards provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, alarms and events, and allow you to trigger remote actions, by using a set of widgets. Widgets can display maps, images, graphs, tables, and other graphic representations of data.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboards provide you with a customized visualization of your data, for example, alarms and events, and allow you to trigger remote actions, by using a set of widgets. Widgets can display maps, images, graphs, tables, and other graphic representations of data.
```

### To create a dashboard

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} allows you to create individualized dashboards for all your devices.

Reviewer: I would expect this information and the one in row 45 before the actual dashboard creation process steps. 

Should be combined with this introductory sentence, perhaps preceeding it?

Dashboards provide you with a customized visualization of your data by using a set of widgets. Widgets can display maps, images, graphs, tables, and other graphic representations of data.
